hey there I'm Bellamy young from ABC's
scandal and I'm here for my regards on a
shoot down the best date
good nice is Bellamy young ABC scandal
it's true how you doing I'm wonderful
had a good time today ridiculous yeah my
I took my fashion virginity yeah that
was fun
so today you're rockin Octavia Carlton
which is one of our favorite designers
it's like a glove looks really good on
you goodness
so guys check it out Bellamy young is
gonna be featured on October issue of
regard magazine right now you working on
ABC scandals second season yeah
gratulations one of my favorite shows I
love it so much - it's a dream it's a
pleasure nice so you have any like tip
this is you can kind of share with us
for the upcoming season juicy juicy
juicy way you're gonna know something I
was gonna babe you gotta know by the
time they see that there's something I
can't pay this album I wanted to know
Wow okay it's gonna be a good season
guys and besides scandal you have other
projects on the worse as well - tell us
about that recurring on Criminal Minds
which is also a fall of fun okay cool
they broke that I took a job in New York
so that I could also do and I'm a movie
called the cottage starring David
Arquette that comes out on the 28th of
September scandals where's the 27th of
September so that's good week all right
well look enough for that nice good guys
today oh of course
belamis gonna be featured on October
issue regard magazine October 17th check
it out regard nag calm and if you guys
want to keep up with Bellamy and
everything she's got going on her
Twitter handle that's right I'm gonna
get good at it by the time we form and
figure that out
anyway um we'll see you guys next time
bye guys thank you